I don't know how to do this properly. so I'll just do this here.

Hi. I'm Tovio. I am a HUGE fan of TF2. I've been in the fandom for 5 years now and love to talk about it... maybe a little too much. So you've been warned. I also like Dandy's world and Smiling Friends, though it's not as intense.

I like short, friendly conversation and I am a sensitive person. I get nervous if the silence drags on for too long. As mentioned before, I'm an adult in my 20's and am uncomfortable with spontaneous shipping and/or cuddling. I'd rather that be reserved for close friends. Please do not excessively kiss me either; even if you like my skin. I appreciate the compliment truly... it just gets a bit much.

My DNI: The basics of course. Anyone who glorifies self-harm. Anyone who sits by the 'proship tree' (safe server). Any adults who sit there: You are predators. straight up. Any minors who sit there: The people who sit there are not your friends. They are actively grooming you and you need to get out while you can. Anyone who jokes about and/or discusses sexual topics, or ERP of ANY kind in the safe server. If you make inappropriate ponies in general. This includes characters of the NR/TR or USSR. (talking to you CountryHuman fandom.) Proshippers, comshippers, darkshippers and people who ship real people. People who are PROUD to like toxic dynamics. (This mostly goes towards those who like abusive/gory or age imbalanced relationships. Not just playground bullying). People who think it's okay to self-diagnose and speak for the community they're infiltrating or think diagnosis is a privilege. (This goes for self diagnosed autistic people and systems especially.) I don't DESPISE you if self-diagnosis helps you understand a portion of yourself- Just don't speak to me as if you ACTUALLY have it. However, if you think official diagnosis is a PRIVILEGE- you are literal scum to me. Bottom of the barrel. 

Side note: Medic TF2 ponies... Please leave me alone if a reason you like the character is because you depict him as abusive or obsessive over 'mpreg'. He, as a character, makes me uncomfortable in general. If you can, please refrain from cuddling/kissing me as him. This does not mean you have to change ponies around me. You're allowed to love him as long as you keep that love civil. I have certain ships that make me uncomfortable. Usually involving medic x my comfort character. I will shut down if they are mentioned or, for my own peace of mind, I will block you.

(I'm usually seen alone or cuddling with my close friends. I'm Aro/Ace and cuddle my friends with hearts sometimes. I don't have/want a partner. I also like stealing marshmallows and grapes ((hehehe)).)
